What’s happenin’?

Jodie?

How she been doing?

About what?

So she wrote one down?

No.

No. I mean, when I was younger, yeah.

I know what you’re talking about, yeah.

No.

Oh, well, yeah….

Yeah.

As far as I know, that was supposed to been us, as far as my understanding. Just the guy, Terry Payne [spelling?] that uh, he was supposed to send somebody over to talk to us or something like that. I don’t know, ‘cause they said, well I know the guy too you know, they said something like that. And I’m not even sure if it’s him, you know what I’m sayin’? I’m just going off of what I’ve heard. That he got ripped off for some dope a few times. He got upset about it and the only reason why he wouldn’t come confront her by herself was because of me. Well, she never ripped him off for no dope anyways. It wasn’t her, it was

Yes. And as far as I know somebody was supposed to send some people from Chicago, some black dudes. Said it’s not about the money now, it’s not about the dope, it’s about the principle. And he, Terry Payne [spelling?] told me this, and I told him I said “you better go back and tell them [inaudible] got no principle [inaudible] it seems like I’m just fucking around with my fiancée and it pulls me, you know what I’m saying? I’m involved. And he said “sorry, too late [inaudible], the call’s been made and that uh, people from .. what’d he say? New Orleans or something like that, up in luisiana up here looking for her. That’s when I noticed we started getting followed. And I’m like “hold up, you know maybe this shit is true”. I’ve been thinking it’s all, you know how people talkin’ just trying to scare somebody. And I kept noticing people following me and kept noticing people following me. And I’m like “hold the fuck up” you know? So I made a phone call and was like “dude, what the fucks going on?” He said “man” he said “I told you I would try to go talk to them”. I said “dude, you already [inaudible] tried to go talk to them and for the past, I don’t know, month and a half, something like that, everytime I walked out the door I was being followed”. And for the life of me, nobody believed me. And I mean, I told everybody. I said “man, somebody is following us. Somebody is following me or somebody is following you. Somebody.” Then I got locked up.

That [cross talk]

I mean not one time did nobody ever say “police”, nobody said, I mean the whole time I told everybody I was being followed. I mean, I had people run up on me, I’d take off. Nobody said “cops” you know? So I don’t know if it’s the cops or if it was them or whoever, whatever. You know what I’m saying?  I’m like “shit”, so I done what I do. What I know best- protect myself and get the hell out of that situation for a moment. But that situation it was same thing. Two cars whipped up on me, then once I took off, yeah, he hit his lights. I’m like “I got a set of [inaudible] lights, which I do. You know what I’m saying? I got a flashlight that turns. You know what I’m saying? You click it one time and it starts flashing, you know what I mean, red, white, red, blue, them lights. You know what I’m saying? So I’m like “no one’s ever said ‘stop, police, this is the local, feds” whoever. You know what I’m saying?  So I didn’t stop. Even when we got back to the house we were staying at, not one time did anybody say “police”, “this is the police”, the whoever, blah blah. They just told me to get the fuck down or they would blow my damn brains out. I’m like “well uh” there’s a chance I got to take. Either they’re the police, and then once they started all coming up on me I noticed it was the police because all the equipment and shit like that. And I was like “well, maybe this is the cops” so I got down.

Me, Jodie, Lala, and Chris.

It’s uh, Laura. It’s Laura. I don’t know her last name.

Man, I can’t, I just got out of jail. I don’t know if she had that before I went in, or before right before I got out, or what. I think I was only there a couple weeks, maybe? Something like that. Maybe a little longer. I know it was like between two, two weeks. Two to three weeks. Something like that.

Yeah, we went back.

Yeah. We went back and got some of our stuff. I mean, we’ve seen the landlord and nothing was ever said.  We’ve seen cops sitting there and nothing was ever said to us. And I was thinking “well, this aint got nothing to do with us, I hope”

Yeah, we’ve seen them in passing.

Pretty sure I would be.

Yeah, yeah, that was her. Now the guy?

Hm, yeah. If you put long hair on him it looks like him.

Nah, other than I mean, passing in the hallways or, it was just, I think it was what? One, two, two  [crosstalk] yeah. Because it was the front room, it was like a little storage or something like that. The back room was supposedly where he stored all his stuff for, I guess, the strip clubs that he owned or something. I don’t know.

I just heard that somebody got shot, somebody got killed or something like that. Then we stayed away for a couple days because that’s when I found out that supposedly they were there for her, and us, you know what I’m saying? It was supposed to be us. I was like, you know, um, we made the decision to stay away for a couple of days because hell, somebody wanted to talk to her they, the landlord knew her phone number, her cell phone number, knew her name, everything else. Nobody ever tried to contact us. At least, as far as I know, nobody ever tried to contact us. Which I mean the house, the apartment wasn’t even, it was her apartment, wasn’t in my name, or nothing like that.

No.

No, they told me it was just the.. uh.. lady.

Okay, well lets finish it.

Okay.

She lost it like?

Let me guess, said that we done it.

Well.